[TASK] Rewrite TypoScript chapter (#2818)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/Configuration/TypoScript/PhpApi/Index.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt
.. index::
   TypoScript; Parsing
   TypoScript; Execution
   TypoScript; Storage
.. _typoscript-syntax-typoscript-parser-api:
.. _typoscript-syntax-parsing-storing-executing-typoscript:
.. _typoscript-syntax-parsing-typoscript:
.. _typoscript-syntax-storing-typoscript:
.. _typoscript-syntax-executing-typoscript:
.. _typoscript-syntax-parser-introduction:
.. _typoscript-syntax-custom-typoscript:

=======
PHP API
=======

With the rewrite of the TypoScript parser in TYPO3 v12, the parsing logic
itself has been entirely marked as internal. Developers typically do not
need to deal with all the nasty details and some parts of the parser are
still subject to change.

Developers who really need to parse own TypoScript snippets, should have
a look at the Factory classes located in :file:`EXT:core/Classes/TypoScript/`,
though. They are marked :php:`@internal` as well, but may be opened in the
future. Use them on your own risk at the moment.

> TYPO3 provides frontend TypoScript and TSconfig rather simple APIs exist, though.

Reviewer: This sentence is not entirely clear, I think.

> TYPO3 provides frontend TypoScript and TSconfig rather simple APIs exist, though.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TYPO3 already provides frontend TypoScript and TSconfig. Use these APIs for other use cases:
```

> TYPO3 provides frontend TypoScript and TSconfig rather simple APIs exist, though.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TYPO3 already provides frontend TypoScript and TSconfig. Use these APIs for other use cases:
```

.. index:: TSconfig; PHP

Page TSconfig
=============

The page TSconfig for a specific page can be retrieved using
:php:`\TYPO3\CMS\Backend\Utility\BackendUtility::getPagesTSconfig()`. While

> the parser creates a tree of PHP objects internally, this methods only returns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the parser creates a tree of PHP objects internally, this method returns only
```
